feat: Temporarily mute conversations (#17816)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/capabilities.md

* `config => conversations => group-mode` (local) - User selected grouping mode for conversations (`none`, `group-first` or `private-first`)
* `private-reply` - Whether clients can link the original message to a private reply in one-to-one conversations
* `config => attachments => conversation-subfolders` (local) - Whether per-conversation subfolders are used for Talk attachments; when `true` files must be uploaded to `Talk/<ConversationName>-<token>/<DisplayName>-<uid>/` before calling the attachment endpoint

> * `mute-conversations` - Wether conversations can be muted for given time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mute-conversations` - Whether conversations can be muted for a given time
```

Author: 🙈
